MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=11335ms)
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 8153ms
ARMED by RC
TAKEOFF DETECTED
[blackbox] /fs/microsd/log/sess005
[blackbox] recording: log001.px4log
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=24523ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 1200ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=42027ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 5592ms
failsafe mode off
REJECT AUTO_MISSION
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=59432ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 2458ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=64207ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 1216ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=65850ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 5901ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=72881ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 4027ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=81046ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 5549ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=87000ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 5570ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=93209ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 2331ms
failsafe mode off
HIGH VIBRATION! g: 154 a: 964 m: 74
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=132369ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 1119ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=216533ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 2820ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=223511ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 1363ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=225618ms)
failsafe mode on
MANUAL CONTROL REGAINED after 2752ms
failsafe mode off
MANUAL CONTROL LOST (at t=232033ms)
failsafe mode on
DISARMED by safety switch
failsafe mode off
LANDING DETECTED
[blackbox] recording stopped
